.. _merkely_report_env_k8s:

merkely report env k8s
----------------------

Report images data from specific namespace or entire cluster to Merkely.

Synopsis
~~~~~~~~



List the artifacts deployed in the k8s environment and their digests 
and report them to Merkely. 


::

  merkely report env k8s [-n namespace | -x namespace]... [-k /path/to/kube/config] env-name [flags]

Examples
~~~~~~~~

::


  * report what's running in an entire cluster using kubeconfig at $HOME/.kube/config:
  merkely report env k8s prod --api-token 1234 --owner exampleOrg

  * report what's running in an entire cluster using kubeconfig at $HOME/.kube/config 
  (with global flags defined in environment or in  a config file):
  merkely report env k8s prod

  * report what's running in an entire cluster excluding some namespaces using kubeconfig at $HOME/.kube/config:
  merkely report env k8s prod -x kube-system,utilities

  * report what's running in a given namespace in the cluster using kubeconfig at $HOME/.kube/config:
  merkely report env k8s prod -n prod-namespace

  * report what's running in a cluster using kubeconfig at a custom path:
  merkely report env k8s prod -k /path/to/kube/config


Options
~~~~~~~

::

  -x, --exclude-namespace strings   the comma separated list of namespaces (or namespaces regex patterns) NOT to harvest artifacts info from. Can't be used together with --namespace.
  -h, --help                        help for k8s
  -k, --kubeconfig string           kubeconfig path for the target cluster
  -n, --namespace strings           the comma separated list of namespaces (or namespaces regex patterns) to harvest artifacts info from. Can't be used together with --exclude-namespace.

Options inherited from parent commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

  -a, --api-token string      the merkely API token.
  -c, --config-file string    [optional] the merkely config file path. (default "merkely")
  -d, --dry-run               whether to send the request to the endpoint or just log it in stdout.
  -H, --host string           the merkely endpoint. (default "https://app.merkely.com")
  -r, --max-api-retries int   how many times should API calls be retried when the API host is not reachable. (default 3)
  -o, --owner string          the merkely organization.

SEE ALSO
~~~~~~~~

* :ref:`merkely report env <merkely_report_env>` 	 - Report running artifacts in an environment to Merkely.

*Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 6-Sep-2021*
